Dump/Restore Docs (#144)
oasislabs/docs: src/operators/maintenance/upgrading-your-nodes.md

> # Upgrading your nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Network Upgrades
```

Reviewer: Would suggest renaming this file to `handling-network-upgrades.md` as well

::: warning WARNING

> Following this guide when there is no software upgrade would result in you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following this guide when there is no network upgrade would result in you
```

losing your place on the current network.
:::

The following guide should be used when the network has agreed to do a software

> upgrade for the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
upgrade.
```

## Dumping Blockchain State

::: tip NOTE
Do not stop your `oasis-node` process just yet.
:::

Before an upgrade we will update the [Upgrade

> Parameters](./current-testnet-parameters.md#upgrade-parameters) to contain the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameters](./current-testnet-parameters.md#upgrade-parameters) to specify the
```

> block height to dump.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
block height at which to dump.
```

```bash

> export HEIGHT_TO_DUMP=<height_to_dump>

Reviewer 2: this needs to be done after the node has reached that state right? should probably note that

oasis-node genesis dump \
  -a unix:/serverdir/node/internal.sock \
  --genesis.file /serverdir/etc/upgrade-dump.json \
  --height $HEIGHT_TO_DUMP
```

> ## Stop your node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Stopping Your Node
```

This will depend on your process manager. You should kill your `oasis-node`
process however this is done for your setup.

## Patching Dumped State

We will provide a state patch [here](../current-testnet-parameters.md) that you
can apply using the `jq` tool. We suggest that you install this on your server
so that you can do all the upgrade process without having to transfer anything
onto your local machine. The patched state will update at least the following
fields:

> * `

Reviewer: TODO: list these fields

> ### Download the Patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Downloading the Patch
```

```bash
export PATCH_URL=<url_to_patch>
curl -o /serverdir/etc/patch.json $PATCH_URL
```

> ### Apply the Patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Applying the Patch
```

```bash
jq --slurp --sort-keys --compact-output '.[0] * .[1]' \
  /serverdir/etc/upgrade-dump.json \

>   /serverdir/etc/patch.json > /serverdir/etc/genesis.json

Reviewer 2: I think that at least for first few upgrades we should probably also provide our exported genesis so node operators can confirm they did the process corectly

Author: Oh ya, we will also do that :). I just wanted to provide some instructions for doing it on your own, but based on the commands I used it should be possible to get a reliable shasum (i tested).

```

## Wiping State

::: warning WARNING
We do not suggest that you wipe _all_ state. You might lose node identities and
keys if you do it this way.
:::

Before restarting your node you should wipe tendermint state. The process for
this is described [here](./wiping-node-state.md#state-wipe-and-keep-node-identity).

> ## Restarting the node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Restarting the Node
```

This will depend on your process manager. If you don't have a process manager

> you should use one. However, to start the node without an office manager you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you should use one. However, to start the node without a process manager you can
```

start the `oasis-node` like so:

```bash
oasis-node --config /serverdir/etc/config.yml
```

> ## Cleaning up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cleaning Up
```
